README.md, before:

# NockApp

***DEVELOPER ALPHA***

<img align="right" src="https://zorp.io/img/nockapp.png" height="150px" alt="NockApp">

NockApps are pure-functional state machines with automatic persistence and modular IO.

The NockApp framework provides two modules, Crown and Sword:
1. Crown provides a minimal Rust interface to a Nock kernel.
2. [Sword](https://github.com/zorp-corp/sword) is a modern Nock runtime that achieves durable execution.

<br>

## Get Started

To test compiling a Nock kernel using the `choo` command-line Hoon compiler, run the following commands:

```
cargo build
cd apps/choo
cargo run --release bootstrap/kernel.hoon ../hoon-deps
```

## Building NockApps

The `crown` library is the primary framework for building NockApps. It provides a simple interface to a `Kernel`: a Nock core which can make state transitions with effects (via the `poke()` method) and allow inspection of its state via the `peek()` method.

For compiling Hoon to Nock, we're also including a pre-release of `choo`: a NockApp for the Hoon compiler. `choo` can compile Hoon to Nock as a batch-mode command-line process, without the need to spin up an interactive Urbit ship. It is intended both for developer workflows and for CI. `choo` is also our first example NockApp. More are coming!

Commit message:

choo: build cache with dependency graph (#105)
* choo: build caching

* choo: tests, lowercase paths

choo would fail to parse paths with uppercase letters in them, so we
downcase them before creating the associated nouns.

note that this test is set to ignore since choo exits on a successful
compile. need to figure out how to make this test pass in light of that.

* choo: switch order of arbitrary/normal

* choo: type docs

* choo: bump version and choo.jam

---------

Co-authored-by: litlep-nibbyt <9344275+litlep-nibbyt@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# NockApp

***DEVELOPER ALPHA***

<img align="right" src="https://zorp.io/img/nockapp.png" height="150px" alt="NockApp">

NockApps are pure-functional state machines with automatic persistence and modular IO.

The NockApp framework provides two modules, Crown and Sword:
1. Crown provides a minimal Rust interface to a Nock kernel.
2. [Sword](https://github.com/zorp-corp/sword) is a modern Nock runtime that achieves durable execution.

<br>

## Get Started

To test compiling a Nock kernel using the `choo` command-line Hoon compiler, run the following commands:

```
cargo build
cd apps/choo
cargo run --release bootstrap/kernel.hoon ../hoon-deps
```

For large builds, the rust stack might overflow. To get around this, increase the stack size by setting: `RUST_MIN_STACK=838860`.

## Building NockApps

The `crown` library is the primary framework for building NockApps. It provides a simple interface to a `Kernel`: a Nock core which can make state transitions with effects (via the `poke()` method) and allow inspection of its state via the `peek()` method.

For compiling Hoon to Nock, we're also including a pre-release of `choo`: a NockApp for the Hoon compiler. `choo` can compile Hoon to Nock as a batch-mode command-line process, without the need to spin up an interactive Urbit ship. It is intended both for developer workflows and for CI. `choo` is also our first example NockApp. More are coming!
